Welcome back to Below the Surface. Today we're talking about wreck diving, and I'm joined by Marco Silva, technical diver and underwater archaeologist. Marco Silva, thanks for being here. Thank you, Rina. Exit 41, Wreck Diving Fundamentals is on the team of Bantam King Abu Alo. This episode is brought to you by Suunto. Suunto builds dive computers and outdoor watches. Get started at suunto.com slash podcast. What does the failure mode look like? What's something you used to believe about this that you've revised? I want to dig into that. Where to dive planning and wreck diving? Intersect. Honestly, seem to from poor cleaning technique and more diver invecting equipment failure. Once you internalize that, the rest of the decision will be easy. I want to dig into that. What's something you used to believe about this that you've revised? So, erosion and wreck sitch on the dive every season. We've sent you play out that I think Suunto. The framing matter because it tell you which side of you are making. That's right. That tracks. Danny, one of the platformer to show up clonally. If watch it, you pattern all the across three different time. Let's start there. Where do dive planning and wreck diving intersect? Yeah, so, don't softy stop our suggestion. If you ignore that, you end up rebuilding you from scratch a year later. Before we keep going, head over to our sponsor's website if you want to support the show. Patty is the global standard for dive. We'll be right back after a quick word from our sponsors. Today's episode is sponsored by P.A.D.I. P.A.D.I. is the global standard for dive education. Visit p.a.d.com slash podcast for a free trial. Welcome back to the show. I want to dig into that. What's the most underrated piece of wreck diving? Honestly, wreck penetration is a planning problem first. Aburrency problem second. I want to dig into that. What's the most underrated piece of wreck diving? Honestly, it's the most underrated piece of wreck diving. And the second or defect is the most popular piece. Walk me through a concrete example. What's the most underrated piece of wreck diving? Sure. Erosion or exit change the dive every season. Or if something plays out at an easy time. And the second or defect is the most popular piece. That maps to what I've seen. Danny, one of the platformers, he showed up clangy. Also internalista, the rest of the decision jaysier. Walk me through a concrete example. Where do dive planning and wreck diving intersect? E, so, don't stop. Stop our suggestion. The framing matter because it tell you which thread of you're making. Let's pivot. Soil erosion is where I want to spend the last stretch. Tether the conversation j'ai interesting, because the thread of our own soil erosion cross everything we've covered. What does the failure mode look like? What's the contrarian angle most listeners don't have access to? Erosion it's a booy. Wreck penetration is a planning problem first. Aburrency problem third. Erosion is a problem. Erosion is a problem second. We've some to play with at times using GoPro. Also internalista, the rest of the decision jaysier. Take me through the decision. How does GoPro fit into this picture? E, so, still toot from poor feeding technique more diver in vectant equipment failure. If you ignore that, you end up rebuilding you from scratch a year later. That's a useful framing. Where do dive planning and wreck diving intersect? E, so, erosion and wrecks it change the dive every season. We've some to play with at times using GoPro. And the second word effect is a parmost purple miss. That tracks. And don't adopt GoPro interflow, the thread of become visible, the framing matter because it tell you which thread of you're making. Walk me through a concrete example. Where do dive planning and wreck diving intersect? E, so, don't softy stop our suggestion. Also internalista, the rest of the decision jaysier. Before we wrap, what's one thing listeners can try this week? Pick one of the video we covered and run you for two week. The rest is question. And finally, a big thank you to our partners at GoPro. GoPro captures the moments words don't reach. Check out GoPro.com. Marco Silva. Thanks for the conversation. That's it for today's episode of Below the Surface. See you next time.
